Tourism is one of the world's major economic sectors. It is the third-largest export category (after fuels and chemicals) and in 2019 accounted for 7% of global trade.
For some countries, it can represent over 20% of their GDP and, overall, it is the third largest export sector of the global economy. In this project, I want to find out how COVID-19 effect on tourism industry, and I chose Singapore as my research object. Singapore is a sovereign island city-state with the second-highest GDP per capital in the world. The tourism sector currently contributes 4 percent to Singapore's gross domestic product, playing an essential role in reinforcing Singapore's status as a vibrant global city that is a magnet for capital, businesses, and talent.
The outbreak of coronavirus infection has spread to countries around the world since the beginning of 2020. COVID-19 is an infectious disease caused by the most recently discovered coronavirus. People can catch covid-19 from other who have the virus. The disease can spread from person to person through small droplets from the nose or mouth which are spread when a person with COVID-19 coughs or exhales.
According to UNWTO report, export revenues from tourism could fall by $910 billion to $1.2 trillion in 2020. This will have a wider impact and could reduce global GDP by 1.5% to 2.8%.
Online agencies allow travelers to comparison-shop, selecting the best airline or hotel at a low price. A recent study by Piper Jaffray found that consumers find the same or lower rates on online travel agencies 87% of the time. Therefore, the stock price of online travel agencies can reflect the tourism economy. In this project, I will analyze covid-19 data in Singapore and stock price data of three online travel agencies to find out tourism and COVID-19 unprecedented economic impacts.
